obviously it could work out and turn out great, be a really good thing in the long run etc, but it's hard to say. it could just as easily end up really shitty. I thought it was my pillow but I've tried every combination. Constantly aches and hurts when I turn it. No, I'm scared of Walgreens. That place is a fucking nightmare. Probably the only creature anyone plays with is Time Elemental unless it's been banned, which it probably has. totally has a funny story about talking to Carlos D in some divebar and him going on and on about how his grandparents were Nazis and how sweet that is i went to go see cheaper by the dozen 2 with my friend T GRUD and we were the only ones in the cinema and had kebabs and popcorn and i was very pleasantly surprised but i wish steve martin played his banjo in it. a friend of mine was accosted by a homeless guy at a gas station, and as he was forking over some change, a parking lot shrimp vendor started hassling my friend also. the homeless guy and the shrimp guy started arguing over who was there first, and then the homeless guy stabbed the shrimp vendor right in front of my friend and ran. the shrimp guy then got in his truck, cursing loudly, and peeled out. my friend just got in his car and drove home. She also made me a mix tape some 3 months later and asked me to go and meet her in the park. I didn't want to go as i was with my current gf, and wtf am i going to do with a collection of Mariah Kerry songs? My gf at the time said we should go, so we did and it was terrible. Everything about it was terrible. My hatred of animals in clothing comes from an admittedly irrational place though, not animal abuse. When I was 5 I was taking a nap on my grandma's bed at thanksgiving and my aunt brought here miniature dachshund over and this thing really, really hated me. Anyway, she had it dressed up as a pilgrim and she sat it on the bed right next to me, when I woke up I was still in a half-sleep state and I swear I heard the pilgrim-garbed dog say 'We're gonna eat you' right before it started viciously barking at me. When I was in 7th grade I found these books in my middle school library about a world where animals dressed up in clothing and learned more self-awareness through mirrors and a developing sense of fashion, in the book they eventually enslaved and harvested mankind. I took these books and hidden them where nobody could ever find them.  today I had my cousin over who is a 28 year old grown man, an accountant at that. he had like all these little patches of unshaven hairs sprouting up all under his nose, and under his chin, and his sideburns were different lengths and all lopsided and shit. I could not look him in the face the entire day because every time I did it made me want to pin him down and take a bic to his face and shave that shit off. My Step-Dad (since I was 7), Gene, is a bit of a hick, there's no getting around it: him and my Mom live out in a small village in the country, he drives a pick-up truck, works doing manual labor, hunts, beer-gut, scraggly beard, can't spell well, likes Larry the Cable Guy and Ma & Pa Kettle shows, etc etc. But he's also one of the kindest, most generous people I know, always loves coming to whatever city I live in, eating new foods, trying new things, listening to new music. He always had a huge vinyl collection, then a huge CD collection, and now a huge mp3 collection, and he's got the weirdest (not best) taste: his mixes are always like Foghat-Buju Banton-French Kicks-Yaz-Skynard-Zutons-Jo Jo Gunne-Scissor Sisters-Robbie Nevil-Pink Floyd etc etc When I was about 8, he helped chaperon a Cub Scouts trip to a minor league hockey game in Milwaukee. Driving us home that day, he pulled in front of the scoutmaster's car and says 'Moon him, boys, moon him.' Well, you didn't need to tell us twice, and with him egging us on, we basically had our little bare bottoms wiggling in our scoutmaster's face for the entire 75 miles home. It was awesome. He was never asked to chaperon again. When I was in 4th grade, we were driving in Sarasota and some guy in a little sports car cuts us off and so Gene lays on the horn and flicks him off at the next light. The guy lisps at us, 'Fuck you,' and Gene replies, 'Learn to drive, asshole.' The guy inexplicably responds 'Do you have any balls?,' and Gene goes, 'Yeah, big ones--you wanna suck 'em?,' and drove off. At the time it seemed like the harshest of burns. We were on a cruise in 7th grade, stopped at the Cayman Islands. We were browsing through some shi-shi gift shop, when Gene starts snickering, and then laughing audibly, and then walks out of the shop. Seconds later, my Mom, sister and I start smelling the raunchiest, cheesiest fart. My sister and I start laughing, and my Mom pretended not to notice, looking at crystal and china and stuff, but the smell lingered. Forever. I look over and the woman behind the counter, all dressed up, is shooting us daggers. I look out the window and see Gene on the street, smiling and pointing. My Mom grumbles under her breath, God damn it, Gene... and then says, 'Let's go kids.' When I was about 7 and my sister was 5, we lived out in the country on a farm. Christmas Eve my Mom was working at the hospital in town, andafter cookies had been put out for Santa, Gene, me and my sister were upstairs, him getting her ready for bed, as he was telling us a story about how the elves would take our stockings tonight and take them up to the North Pole for Santa to fill. All of the sudden he looks up with a start and says 'What's that?!?' We run downstairs, and our stockings, which we'd just hung up together before headed upstairs, were missing, and the door was wide open. Out in the snow there were tiny little tracks of tiny shoes. I still am not sure how he did it, since we lived five miles from town, had no nearby neighbors, there were no tire tracks or human footprints in the snow, and I never heard a car drive off or anything and we were all together the entire time from the time we hung it to the time we went upstairs and the time we came back down. It still fills me with wonder and a little bit of fear. In 6th grade, my Mom and sister flew up to Wisconsin for a week to go to a wedding I couldn't attend because of school. It was just Gene and I, and I really only remember eating TV dinners and going to see Crocodile Dundee with him, but my Mom always remembers it because when she hugged me upon coming home, she almost had to push me away because I smelled so bad. I hadn't bathed the entire time they were gone, and Gene apparently never made me. He bought this nasty old El Camino to my Mom's chagrin when I was in middle school and worked on restoring it. It was pretty embarrassing. Anyway, one day when my Mom was at work and his brother Gerry ('Gerr Bear') was visiting, they decided to go to Hooter's for 'early dinner' and took me along, although there was no room in the car, so I went to the flatbed. He goes, 'Here,' and throws me a lawn chair to sit on, and then as we head out the driveway, with dirt rock blasting from the car, he opens the mailbox and throws the contents back to me. The new TV Guide had arrived (this was like 1988), and there was an article about Mr. Belvedere or something in it, so I started reading it. Only years later did I realize how that looked: riding in the flatbed of an El Camino blaring Rush, sitting in a lawn chair, reading TV Guide, on my way to Hooters. Thanks, Gene. When I was looking into colleges at age 17, we were driving up to look at Florida State early one morning, me sleeping on the front seat, when the car stops and he goes, 'Breakfast!' I look, and we're in the parking lot of Cafe Risque, this strip-joint that served food just outside of Gainesville. I was really nervous, so I groan, 'Ohhhh, it's too early to look at tits.' 'What! It's never too early to look at tits!,' he says. I hem and haw and we finally drive over to Denny's, him grumbling the whole time. When I graduated from college in Wisconsin, we had a party at the house I was renting off-camera. In the front deck were mostly my friends from college and professors and stuff, in the back were my family. Gene and my Mom had just been to the Caribbean, and he brought a bottle of rum from there to the party and proceeded to consume most of it. Later in the evening, I'm on the front deck, having a quiet conversation with this uptight female prof, when all of the sudden he bursts out onto the porch with his Harley t-shirt lifted up just past his beer gut, wielding the bottle over his head, and sings loudly, 'EVERYBODY RUUUUUMBA!!!!' My friends all cheer, the prof gives him this blank look as he smiles at her and kind of does this little dance as shimmies backwards and out of there. I didn't see him again that night. I've told this story before, but when I was 19 and in college, I was home from school and getting ready to go the beach while my Mom and Gene are watching TV. My Mom looks over at me in my swim trunks and says, 'You're gaining some weight, boy,' which was a joke, since at the time I was about 6'2' and 150, up from 145 a couple years prior (I'm fucking fat now, but anyway). Playing along, I say, 'Time for Weight Watchers, huh?' 'You're huge,' she says. I don't know what came over me next, we had always kind of had a blue streak in conversation for a family, but I took it up too many notches, and said, 'Yeah, when I was having sex with Kirsten [my then-gf] the other night, I heard a slapping sound, and I looked down and it was my gut hitting her ass!' My Mom's eyes get huge, eyebrows going to the ceiling, and her mouth drops. Even I was shocked and stunned silent by what I had said. Gene was just sitting there, silently and slowly nodding his head with the biggest shit-eating grin I've ever seen. There's this guy who always comes and eats after church. He doesn't really have a job; he's sort of a freelance children's minister/clown. He does balloons, the whole works. His wife works the graveyard shift at K-Mart or something to pay for his dream of being a children's minister/clown, and they just had a daughter. He was eating there last night and mentioning he hasn't been able to come by as often, because of money being tight. He's like 'I may lose my house, it's pretty rough, but it'll be okay, etc.' The worst part is he just spent like $200 building a puppet to use in his act. It’s supposed to be a lighthouse, but it looks like a huge penis with a condom on top and a smiling face on the undershaft. And it's flesh colored, no brick etching or anything, just a smooth long shaft. when I was in jr high there was a fight between these two girls and it was incredibly violent and awful and one of them ended up being sent to the hospital. After the fight the floor of the hallway was just covered in blood and hair. Large puddles of blood and huge mats of hair. Also on the floor were three slices of bread. Me and two of my friends were just gawking at the carnage and my friend Danny said 'Oh, I see. They both wanted to make a sandwich.' in middle school kids who didn't take band, orchestra, or choir took some dinky music studies class. Pretty terrible on the whe and in a really dirty room and the air conditioner constantly sounded like rats clawing over the ceiling. The teacher was a nice, funny guy who everybody liked, though. He really hated this one asian kid though (he was loud in class and could be a real shit). Sometimes the asian kid would open his mouth to speak, and the teacher would cut him off by playing on the keyboard that iconic faux asian song that would play in cartoons everytime scooby doo went to china town or whatever this friend of mine was on the train and happened to pick up a discarded copy of the times. he’d already done the crossword in his own copy that morning, so he idly filled it in in a minute or so, and did the same with the sudoku etc. then puts it down and gets out a book of japanese poetry. some woman sitting across from him notices this so leans over and asks ‘are you… some kind of genius?’. my mate decides he’s going to play it all rain man and just goes “mumumumumu” really loudly. woman across from him apologises profusely for interrupting. half an hour later he’s forgotten all about this and when his phone rings he answers “hi, [name redacted] speaking” then looks up to see the woman glaring at him. he gets up and moves to another carriage. in 7th grade i organized a birthday sleepover at my house with my friends. we were all a little old for sleepovers but i was weird awkward kid. I thought at sleepovers you were supposed to tell ghost stories. So i wrote a story about a young boy and girl who were killed in the woods where i lived. I wanted to convince them it was a true story. i went in the woods with some big cinder bricks and made two gravestones with the characters names from the story in red paint. and i splashed the paint on some trees. my plan was to tell the story to my friends at night, swear it was true, then take them out with a flashlight and show them the graves. THEN another friend, my neighbor who wouldn’t be at the party yet, would pop out in an axe murderer costume and scare everyone. so that evening around 9 i tell everyone i have a story to tell and i do the scary flashlight face thing and start talking but no one is paying attention, they were telling each other yo momma jokes. i just kept going, no one followed the story and when i said it was all true and tried to get them to see the graves they were like, nah, it’s cold outside. i called my neighbor to cancel the whole axe murderer thing and his mom said he wasn’t even home. in my sixth grade german class, frau descalzi arranged all of the desks in groups of four that faced each other. emily busse sat across from me in our group and one day she took her shoe off and put her foot on my dick and started rubbing it during class. nobody had ever touched my dick before. i was totally floored. i nervously reciprocated the next day, and suddenly we had this deal where we would alternate giving each other footjobs throughout the week. this lasted at least a month. i don’t think she ever made me cum or anything, but i’m sure i was sporting pretty serious wood walking to and from german class each day. one day frau descalzi caught me with my foot between emily’s legs and she freaked out. i had a mangled snickers bar named tanqueray that i brought to class each day as a sort of personal mascot. frau descalzi took it as punishment. i remember crying in the bathroom after class, but i’m not sure if it’s because tanqueray had been confiscated or because i wasn’t going to get any more footjobs during german class. determined to take our relationship to the next level, i walked out of the bathroom and over to emily’s locker — still crying — and asked her if she wanted to “go” with me. she laughed and said no. i went back into the bathroom and bought some dot matrix printouts of playboy playmates from william dawson and sat on the toilet and looked at them and got boners. and tears on my d. literally. college ruled i worked two jobs and never had any fun because I was too busy dropping out and playing everquest girls would come into my room and lay on my bed and try to get me to stop playing everquest but I never did. seemed like it was some kind of game between them. guess I won once i saw some guy wearing the same sweater as me in a porno was fucked up i never wore it again my brother is the most whipped person of all time. his wife caught him watching porn and he has not been allowed to have the internet since 2004. she actually called my mom when she caught him. like she thought my mom would care that he watched porn. from what i understand she scratched the shit out of him when she caught him. when he was on the phone with my mom, she could hear the wife in the background going crazy and yelling shit like “my last boyfriend had a bigger dick than you!” the first job i ever had was working in an ice factory in downtown pittsburgh the summer before my freshman year of college. before my boss would let me be one of the delivery guys (the job he’d hired me for), i had to earn my stripes working in the bagging room in the back of the factory along with two batshit seventy year old black guys from alabama named paul 1 and paul 2. the three of us would spend the whole day in a cold, windowless room pulling bags of ice off of the conveyor belt, stacking them on pallets, and wrapping the pallets with plastic wrap. the two of them had been doing this job for the past thirty years or so. paul 2 subsisted solely on a diet of canned vienna sausages. every day at lunch break you could find him on the loading dock, sitting alone on an overturned milk crate, picking the sausages out of the can one by one and loudly licking his fingertips clean after each bite. when the sausages were gone, he’d stand up, watching intently as he tilted the can to let the remaining syrup pool. then he’d knock back the last of the juice like a shot of jack. our “bathroom” was in the corner of the bagging room, but it didn’t have a door, so it was basically just an alcove with a naked light bulb, a pale pink shitter and a sink. the only proper bathroom on the property was way on the other side of the building where the owners worked, at least a five minute walk for paul 2, which was apparently way too far for him once the vienna sausages picked their moment every afternoon. paul 1 and i would have to just turn our backs and crank up the radio while paul 2 unleashed his unholy torrent in the corner. one time it was so bad that paul 1 pulled a switchblade on paul 2 mid-dook and threatened to stab him if he didn’t stop shitting. i ran over to break it up when i saw paul 2 stand up from the pot with a little knife of his own. he begged paul 1 to “try it again, motherfucker,” but his pants were still around his ankles, and each time he shuffled his feet toward paul 1, his big ashy jank would flap around between his legs. it looked like it was in slow motion, like one of the sandworms from dune. after a couple of steps, it was making paul 1 laugh so hard that his hand couldn’t keep a grip on the knife. crisis averted. that afternoon i told my boss that he either needed to make me a driver or i was quitting. he called me a pussy and tossed me the keys to the worst truck on the lot. It's 1:20. You just woke up. You're hungover. Let's face it: You're always hungover. Of course you slept with your contacts in. You're 28 with an ex-wife, but maybe you still love her. Maybe you still hate her? You're kind of attractive, but you're going gray fast. You listen to The Smiths way too much. Way, way too much. Is Jesus the answer? No, probably just more Morrissey, right? Your son says he loves you, but in reality he doesn't care about anything beyond Call of Duty. You haven't put anything in your body besides vodka and High Life in 48 hours. Wow! You're STILL listening to The Smiths. You're not going to kill yourself. You're too weak. You'd rather just make attention-grabbing facebook posts. You're a narcissist and it's ugly. You don't call your grandparents enough. You used to wear Wu-Tang shirts. Now look at you in your rolled-up chinos and boat shoes! You don't even own a boat. Did I tell you that your kid is at the beach without you? You'd rather be famous than righteous or holy any day. Haha, still listening to The Smiths, huh? There's a pool out back. Go drowned in it. Last night you dreamt somebody loves. Stop me if you think you've heard this one before. This isn't graphic or even sexual really, just weird. In college, my roommate's girlfriend came down to visit from FSU and brought along her sorority sister. We're just drinking and BS'ing, she's kind of cute, she tells me I'm cute, blah, blah, blah. It's winding down and my buddy and his gf go into his room. This girl says she's tired and that she'd rather not sleep on our couch. I say it's cool she can have my bed with me or I can take the couch. She's says with me, but 'no funny stuff'. I'm like ok, no big deal. We get in bed and she starts kissing me immediately. Then she asks if she can take her shirt off and lay on top of me. She rolls over, sits up on top of me and takes her shirt off, then her bra, and she has a great body. So I'm pretty excited thinking the whole 'no funny stuff' was obviously just a joke. I start to take my shirt off and she's like, 'No, don't.' She flops down on top of me and says, 'I just want to be near someone.' She's half naked and embracing me. I'm way weirded out, but it's cool, I figure I'll just take it slow. I try to kiss her some more and she's not having it, says she just wants to talk. Whatever, let's talk I guess. She proceeds to tell me about her parents, school, and any other boring thing that comes to mind. All of the sudden she switches gears, tone of her voice changes, she sits up showing me her epic canz again and starts telling me that she's been seeing a therapist for the last year and a half to get over her FEAR OF SQUIRRELS. She's been scared to death of them since she was a kid, doesn't know why, maybe disease, maybe their eyes, she doesn't know. Her therapy had been going really well, but lately she's been having this reoccurring dream where she is walking around the city, wearing a low cut shirt, and all of the sudden she hears a zap! noise and looks up to see a squirrel being electrocuted on a power line above her. She does her best to move out of the way, but never makes it, and the charred squirrel always lands right in her cleavage. The whole time she is telling me this story she is animated and her tits are just bouncing and I'm freaked out and turned on all at once. Eventually she shuts up and passes out, I'm still freaked out and kinda scared to sleep next to this person, but whatever, and I pass out too. About 2 hours later, it's 3:30, and I am woken up to her screaming her fucking head off and thrashing around in my bed. My buddy's gf rushes in, flips on the light, I jump outta bed, she jumps on the bed, and starts sorta cradling her or something. She doesn't question me or ask WTF is going on. This must happen often. This girl is fucking sobbing, 'Jessi, it was so real. God! I hate this.' My buddy's gf spends the rest of the night with her in my bed and I end up crashing on the couch anyway. So should you ever run across an FSU Alum from Naples named Nicolette RUN THE FUCK AWAY! sixth grade, dude with the heroined-out dad was showing us how he could come which was still a foreign concept to all four of us in the room. He locks the door by wedging a chair under the handle, and has Diablo 2 minimized just in case, then whips out his dick and starts going at it to some asian squirting video which disgusts and intrigues all of us, then his great moby dick explodes and his mom starts banging on the door because she needs to pay some bills. One morning I woke up and came out of my room to find my dad sitting at the kitchen table. He points to this bag of cookies on the counter and says, “did you eat all of those?” I didn’t even get home until late the night before (and also they were cookies that only he liked) so I said no. Nothing else is said. About 20 minutes later my younger brother wakes up and comes into the kitchen. My dad asks him if he ate the cookies and my brother says no. My dad says, “yes you did, I have a picture of it right here” and picks up the newspaper and points to a picture of the space shuttle exploding on the front page. At my high school there was this kid named Vincent who was clearly not all there. Despite being completely socially inept, he was able to get C's in his classes so he didn't have any special classes or anything. The best description I can give of Vincent is that he was covered in acne, always had this huge part in his greasy blond hair, smelled like butt hole, and weighed roughly 90 pounds and was 5'10. There are literally thousands of Vincent stories I could tell, and probably thousands more that I never even heard about, but these are the ones that come to mind first: One day Vincent left class and set up a video camera in Freshman hallway and was just taping everyone. A substitute who had never heard of Vincent freaked out and screamed at him. Vincent often talked about this great surprise he had for the 5 year anniversary of Columbine. He even mentioned it to teachers and stuff during class. It really freaked everyone out for weeks what the kid was going to do. On the fateful day, with everyone kind of worried, Vincent showed up with a special Columbine prayer to share with everyone. I once came across Vincent's planner, and inside he had a log of the activities of this other female student as he had observed over several days- including her class schedule, bathroom breaks, who she talked to...etc At lunch, Vincent would always stand, perched like a flamingo behind the same table of girls. He would never say anything, just listen and laugh. One day he reached over and stroked my friends hair while she was eating. She let out a shriek and Vincent ran out of the lunch room in terror. Vincent's little brother was on the track team. During practices, Vincent would sit in his car in the school parking lot with the windows rolled up for the entirety of the several hour practice. In gym class, Vincent, who was incredibly uncoordinated and nonathletic, drilled a half court shot during basketball and proceeded to run around in circles screaming for over 10 minutes. He was caught pleasing himself in class several times by several different people over the years. In Freshman English class, we were given several options of books to read and write a paper about and present to the class. For his Vincent, read some book about airplanes that obviously wasn't an option, waved some Hallmark greeting card in the air, read several verses from the new testament out loud to the class, and took a break midway through to eat some of his ham sandwich. The teacher later told us he never turned in a written paper, but gave her that same greeting card instead. One day our Spanish teacher brought hot chocolate in for everyone. Someone had the bright idea to take an empty cup, fill it with cool water and throw it at Vincent so he'd think it was hot chocolate. Of course, when he was hit Vincent fell out of his chair, hitting his head on the desk. He let out a noise I can only describe as that of a bird being eaten alive, and then peed his pants. it seems like only yesterday that i, as a young lad still in my short pants, first bit into a delicious pizza. the tastes enveloped my mouth like a kiss from gaia, the earth goddess. 'how mama?!' i exclaimed. 'how could such an otherworldly dish be prepared?' the kissed my head gently, as one does an ignorant child. 'nobody knows, my love,' she said. 'it is a mystery of the ages.' yet i knew one day my answer would come. even as a boy i knew that some day the great secrets of preparing pizza would be revealed. but would i have guessed them to appear on so lowly a site as a message board! no friends. yet great things sometimes come from humble beginnings. thank you nathan. thank you for the gift you have given this hopeless dreamer today. tonight i go home to prepare that which my heart most desires. a pizza. and then - to share my knowledge with the world! to bring the joys of pizza to the masses! i shall teach the world my mantra: dough cheese sause. I smoked chew out of a can once. I got so sick that my nose started bleeding and wouldn't stop so I went into a burger king and asked for a pile of napkins, which they let me have very grudgingly because I was making kind of a bloody mess and then doug stidd came through the door (he'd smoked chew too) and threw up on the floor and the manager came out and yelled 'GET OUT! GET OUT OF BURGER KING' in the loudest voice I've ever heard to this day smoking chew is disgusting and terrible and I never had fun any of the times I did it so today i was working with this new girl at work...and she happens to be a redhead. i think i might have a chance to bang her...which is exciting considering i have yet to fuck a redhead. i asked her where she went to high school and she replied...'i went online'...in which i gave a typical 'hey, at least you didn't have to leave the house'...and she got all excited because she says that everyone she tells that to thinks it's super weird (which it is). and then we started talking about make-up and how ridiculous it is and she makes some comment on how 'a lot of guys will say they like girls with no makeup...but then they', i cut her off and go 'and they tell her to get the fuck out their face?' and she goes 'basically lolz'...and then she goes for the fix her hair move. so yeah, it's possible. positives: nice tits redhead might be a virgin (i mean...online high school? come on now) possible craving for a cock in her mouth negative: no ass cited the rush hour movies, when i asked her what are some of her favorite movies (the worst answer I got to that question tonight though was 'sopranos', seeing as it's a tv series) doesn't like hip-hop, and named muse and 'the district' as a couple of her favorite bands. stated that she was a fan of 'the district' 2 years before they were on the radio. fuck it, it's redhead pussy. i have to dive in.  i went to the party of a kid with a sleazy dad and someone found his porn tapes, so we sat on his bed and watched them. one was of a guy was downwardly fucking a girl in the ass out in the desert. during one of his frequent thrusting breaks, the camera zoomed way in on her asshole which was still open. a fly was buzzing around and touching down on her butt, and then it landed on her open asshole, which instantly contracted and engulfed it. then we all screamed and then bed broke. Dude man, I literally and figuratively jizzed myself when I read your ad. I am THE ONE. I am your Neo. fuck dude, let's get inside the Matrix and just fuck shit up with our raw tunes and mind-altering sonic collage. Not only is my singing hypnotic, but I actually hypnotize the audience, and then I yell but in a controlled way. it's so subtle but full of expression. Like I start yelling and just keep it under wraps, I'm am so coy about yelling, but then I will just yell and it's like listening to someone die in a meat grinder, but really captures the audience, literally. Like I will throw a net on them or some shit. I love all the bands you mentioned, but I love everything from Lamb of God to Travis Tritt to Slayer to Toby Keith to Buckethead to fucking Minnie Ripperton even, sometimes. I do it all, I hear it all, I listen indiscriminately to all music and I make every sort of music possible. Gamelan, fucking Lawrence Welk-type shit, Merzbow noise experiments, Ian Tyson covers, shit dude I am all over it. I am probably the greatest genius who ever lived AND I dream about James Cameron at night, and like him having a metal skeleton and punching women. Wouldn't that be a wicked song. We could be on the Terminator 4, all we do is get into Crowley sex magick. Have you peeped The Book of the Law? Wigger honestly, the band thinks up a thing and then gets into a circle wearing musty old robes, then chant a lot and think about Ra. Then ejaculate onto an ancient mystical symbol. 4 real you get power, I get money doing this, I made a mustard recipe and sold it to a small organics company. Then I sold a ketchup one. Then I sold horseradish sauce recipe. Then I sold a vegetarian ranch dressing. And now Im living well large, I live on a big fuck of a boat. Your rapper is definitely a plump nutsack full of monster tone, I can't wait to work out with that fucking guy, it'll be legendary. I bet we'll get famous in like 3 months, max. I made a new instrument last night, it's like a crossbow and it fires arrows at pieces of metal and makes this lord of fucktown of a tone, it sounds so Terminator 4. I've been dreaming about Terminator ever since I saw your ad, I think it's gonna happen. Do you think in Terminator 4 that the Terminator will start getting into Ancient Egyptian culture? That'd be perfect. If you had to write about me, you'd say 'He's like Terminator got into Ancient Egypt.' I'm all about metallic arm attachments, robes, big staffs with fancy shit on the end, fucking leather-ass boots built for shit-kicking cement. Hey, I'm thinking about loading up my dune buggy and heading to Burning Man. you and Priest want to come? I know you don't want to chill with me and all, but this is probably something even you can't pass up without feeling like a dink. I have about 10 powerbars per person, a flat of gatorade, so we should be good for food for the next week or probably more. Or maybe you're busy learning about computers and that's OK as long as you're learning how to capture some of the sweet shit I make with my mouth. I came up with this new vocal technique last night like out of all the grief for my drowning lizards I just let out this dope yell. I think a new epoch is upon us. I want to be honest but I don't want to wind up again making out with someone because she's like impressed by how I described how I'm worthless but then she's like 'Whoah, that description of how worthless he was was really accurate, what a skilled prosed stylist. Wait, I have to go home now.' every day we're learning more and more about the economics of friendship. this can be leveraged to accomplish some pretty powerful stuff. two months ago we discovered a gene associated with small cell lung cancer. a week after that, the structure of the protein had been discovered. a month later, we had a candidate drug in phase I trials. what does facebook have to do with this? you're gonna wanna sit down for this one... our fundamental hurdle was... how can we turn these clicks... into mosquito nets? i got into this business because i know social, and i know technology, and i knew... i wanted to help. one thing i didn't know anything about was mosquito nets. we stepped back and took a long hard look at the way people interfaced: with each other, with their devices, with their environment. what we came up with was A Company... That was a disaster. For an okcupid date, which means it was bad but with a quick painless extrication. She barely finished one beer. I finished two and desperately slugged from a flask in the bathroom. She wasn't like she seemed on her profile. I don't mean that she was bad looking. She was gorgeous actually, but in a tan, self-assured way that I wasn't expecting. Her profile picture was an awkward selfie that seemed to acknowledge the awkwardness of selfies. Her profile was barely filled out, with cultural choices indicating a person aware of cliche and staying one step ahead (The Werckmeister Harmonies. The Turin Horse.) She spoke with a chipper alto voice that never faltered or left a hanging syllable. She worked in sales for a film company, and spoke very professionally about the near-unprecedented critical success of Richard Linklater's newest picture 'Before Midnight.' I was waiting on the patio, but it was ferociously loud. Filled with bougie fucks. Ridiculously cute sundresses. I strained to make my voice heard, and could barely hear what she said, both of which seemed like failings on my part. I suggested we go inside, where there was no A/C, and began to perspire. I took a long look away at a sign on the wall and when I turned back saw that she was looking away too. It did not go in her folio. Knowing that I was punchdrunk and waiting for the bell to ring, I mentioned Joy Division, and after a brief conversation about how many pathetic men had messaged her re: their love of Ian Curtis. I told her something, I don't remember what I said, and I doubt she heard it, as I had lost the thread with most of her conversation at this point too, but mostly because of the noise and an embarrassed fatigue, not contempt. But I mentioned the 33 1/3 and Ott. She was more than aware of him; said he was a good writer and that she recommended the book to anyone looking for a succinct introduction to joy division; but that he had gone a bit off the rails. I concurred that he went to places not many music journalists go right now; she said he wrote too much about music journalism and was acting as a troll to other critics. she mentioned his former pitchfork affiliation and animosity, and when I said something negative about pitchfork, asked me why I didn't like them. I had never been asked that before, and I read off a laundry list of the complaints most people have about them - florid, awful, overwrought prose, etc. - before settling on the fact that I wished they were more self-aware about their role as a lifestyle brand, as a taste aggregator as opposed to an organ of critical thought. this seemed to interest her. apparently the reason for her inquiry was that her roommate was a staff writer for them, i didn't ask who. I mercy killed the date by suggesting we get some food, to which she said she had eaten earlier and gave us an excuse to part ways. she couldn't even muster a smile when I told her it was nice meeting her. I must have disgusted her. I went across the street to mcdonalds and ate chicken nuggets and fries and pulled on my flask. on the way to my apartment I recognized a cast member of college humor, whose shows i haven't watched in probably more than half a decade, but nonetheless sated my curiosity by getting his attention and calling myself a fan. Jeff, I think. he was nice. then I went home. 'Parks recalls he saw Love one final time when Melcher called him to Monterey to play synthesizer on the Beach Boys’ final album, recorded without Brian, 1992′s dreadful Summer in Paradise. A neighbor offered to fly the musician to Monterey in his one-engine plane if Parks agreed to cover gas and other expenses. When he got there, Love was meditating in Melcher’s living room. “For the first time in 30 years, he was able to ask me directly, once again, ‘What do those lyrics — Over and over the crow flies, uncover the cornfield — mean?’” Parks said about that meeting in ’95. “And I was able to tell him, once again, ‘I don’t know.’ I have no idea what those words mean. I was perhaps thinking of Van Gogh’s wheat field or an idealized agrarian environment. Maybe I meant nothing, but I was trying to follow Brian Wilson’s vision at that time.” Parks says Love asked if he could fly back to L.A. in the plane with him. “We had a nice chat and he insisted that he wanted to split the cost of the flight with me, so he gave me a card with his number on it. The next morning, I called to discover it was a disconnected number. And that was the last time I saw Mike Love.” The thing about 'Mike Love Not War,' of course, is that it invites you to think about whether you actually prefer Mike Love to war. But that joke would be there even if 'Mike Love' were the name of a perfectly likable person. Instead, insanely, it is the name of Mike Love. did you know if you do cowgirl with a chick and then do reverse cowgirl, it doesn't count as cheating. you can have as many cowgirl fucks as you want as long as you reverse em. like ferris did with the odometer. I want to scream in her face until one of us dies. We talk a little more and I discover she's a French major. She doesn't speak French. I'm incredibly annoyed with everything right now, just hating life, I want her out of my home so I can work on other things and also post this story. She says she's interested in French literature, and I ask her if she likes Proust. She says she doesn't know who Proust is and asks me about him, and I say he wrote a children's book about a dog who became a pilot. one summer when i was in middle school my mom worked thirds and trusted me enough to leave me home alone at nights which was clearly a huge mistake on her part. i was basically out 'til 3am every night prowling and terrorizing the neighborhood. i had become a pro at disappearing in the shadows any time i saw headlights. one late night i slipped up because i neither saw nor heard a cop roll right up beside me and tell me to get in. i was sort of cornered by his car and running the other way wasn't an option. i reluctantly got in and faced the music. he asked where i lived because he wanted to talk to my parents. i had instant premonitions of this cop finding out i was completely unsupervised and my poor single mom having to quit her job to babysit me at night and our lives becoming horrible. i had to think of something. just then i remembered my friend andrew who lived about 6 blocks away. i happened to know that they never locked their front door. i had this cop deliver me to andrew's house. we both walked up to the door and he said to bring my parents out and i acted all terrified and said i'd be right back with them. i tiptoed through the dark house, went out the back door and ran like hell all the way home. the rest of the story i heard from andrew the next day. he said some cop was banging on their door at 3 in the morning looking for some kid named 'david'. the whole family ended up standing at the door and andrew's parents visually accounted for both of their kids. i'm a dick because i still talk to andrew 15 years later and still haven't come clean that i'm david.